Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
I am not the one responsible for
inventing ARC technology either,
because it was originally
invented
in a world
that no longer exists.
All four dimensions
used to exist as one,
before they were separated.
The monsters generated by
my ARC system produced
faint, but detectable
vital signs.
But unknowingly,
I had unleashed a force
I couldn't control.
And the trouble
all began with him.
This duelist was more exciting
and fierce than anyone else.
Z‐ARC!
When Z‐ARC unleashed his fury
on the world,
so did his dragons!
(Z‐ARC)
Let us become one
and challenge
the whole universe!
Let us merge!
Reunite!
(all)
Reunite as one!
Z‐ARC was no longer mortal.
He became Supreme King Z‐ARC!
The days that followed were
an endless nightmare
of suffering.
His cruelty knew no bounds.
(screaming)
I was willing to pay
with my life to stop Z‐ARC.
But little did I know
that I and the whole universe
would have to pay an even
steeper price...
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Leo, you said the world was
split into four dimensions,
but you never said
what caused it to happen.
Was Supreme King Z‐ARC
responsible?
Yusho... let me explain.
With the combined power
of his four dragons,
Z‐ARC was unstoppable.
Nothing we did
could defeat him.
But if we couldn't defeat him,
the least we could do
was try and stop him,
and stop him we did.
You were able to stop him?
But how?
(computer alert)
Yes, what is it?
Yuya Sakaki escaped from
the doctor's laboratory.
We can't find him
anywhere. He's gone?
Yuya?
Must find Yuya...
He's completely
out of control...
We don't have a moment
to waste, Doctor!
Bring Zuzu and the other three
girls here immediately!
We must get started...
(door opening)
(panting)
It's Yuya!
(gasping)
It's really you.
Dad!
(laughing)
You've gotten so big, Yuya.
My boy...
I can't believe
I finally found you!
Where were you?
I thought I'd never
see you again.
But deep down I knew,
I would some day...
But I really could use
your help now, Dad.
They've kidnapped Zuzu!
Zuzu?
Let your father handle this.
Leo...
My dear friend Leo,
I don't know what
your ultimate plan is,
but kidnapping
an innocent girl
never puts you on
the right side of history.
So whatever you're up to,
just put an end to it.
For my sake.
And for my son's sake.
No, Yusho.
I'm afraid I cannot,
not even for you.
And especially not
for your son.
Or shall I say,
your so‐called son.
Quit it with
your mumbo jumbo
and give us back Zuzu
right now!
But Yuya, tell me...
How can I give her back
when she shouldn't even exist
in the first place?
What exactly do you mean?
(gears whirring)
Zuzu!
Celina!
And I think that's Rin!
Lulu!
What have you done with them?
Professor...
I've neutralized them
as ordered.
You let them go right now!
Or you're gonna have
to deal with me!
Professor, allow me to
eliminate this distraction.
I can assure you I will stop
this troublemaking pest
once and for all.
That worm.
Hearing his voice totally
makes my skin crawl.
Like teeth on a chalkboard.
(Yuya)
What do you say
we zip those lips
and stop this doc
once and for all?
I'm afraid that
there won't be any zipping
or stopping of anyone,
little boy.
How can you stop me now
when you've failed to do so
a zillion times already?
I don't recommend
underestimating Yuya Sakaki,
Doctor.
But I'm not, Professor.
I'm only speaking the truth.
Why, he's a mere child
with a cranium the size
of a mollusk,
possessing nowhere near
my intellectual capacity!
Who else at Duel Academy
would have been able
to capture these frauleins?
No one but me.
Well, me and my parasites,
that is.
And I will continue to conduct
my experiments against Yuya
to create the perfect parasite
to fuel our forces!
Why Professor,
as a fellow scientist,
you must understand
this pursuit of knowledge.
To reach the pinnacle
of perfection!
(Leo)
Yes, I do understand.
But in my pursuit
of perfection,
my pursuit of giving life,
in creating these
holographic monsters,
I was the first step
in the rise of Z‐ARC
and the end of the world,
and if you follow my mistakes,
then I must stop you.
(Doctor)
W‐what are you doing?
No! Stop!
(panicking)
(gasps)
No!
Zuzu?
What is this thing?
Don't know,
but I don't think it's good.
Yuya?
Man, Zuzu!
You're really Zuzu!
It's been like forever!
Stay back.
Zuzu!
Yuya! Yuya!
Let us out of here right now!
Yeah, what's the deal, Leo?
Let us go!
Don't worry!
You won't be in there for long!
You got some nerve locking me up
in here, Professor!
But you never were one
for manners, were you?
Now, now, Celina.
You might not realize this,
but I'm doing it your own good.
Well, actually,
it's for the good of you all.
(Leo)
When Z‐ARC
annihilated my city,
the few remaining survivors
believed all hope was lost...
but I never lost hope.
Since I created this problem,
I knew I had to be
the one to solve it.
So I worked tirelessly
to find a solution.
My research led to dead end
after dead end,
so eventually
I traveled the world,
searching for power that could
topple Z‐ARC and his monsters.
And I found those energies,
in nature.
(bird calling)
It was so obvious
when I thought about it.
A flower may wilt,
but it will bloom again.
A tiny bird can migrate
thousands of miles
and survive
the harshest of winters.
The whole world,
each living creature
and organism combined
has limitless strength,
much greater than Z‐ARC
or his dragons.
And all I needed to do
was tap into it,
infusing the forces of nature
into four cards.
Four cards to defeat Z‐ARC.
Four cards to end
this nightmare.
Four cards that I would wield
to fix the problem I'd created.
However...
Your cards were stolen?
But why? By who?
By someone I care more about
than life itself.
By Ray, my daughter.
Daughter?
You have a daughter?
Yes, and I knew
what she was thinking.
And I had to stop her.
Dad, I'm going to stop Z‐ARC,
not you.
The people need you
to rebuild this city.
Ray, don't be silly.
I created Z‐ARC,
so I, not you,
will defeat him!
Now give those cards back.
I will not let you
risk your life.
I don't want to lose you, Ray.
And I don't want to
lose you either, Dad!
Ray!
(roaring)
Ray, no!
Don't do this!
Ray, no...
Those cards contain all
the forces of nature!
Your body can't withstand
all that energy!
Stop it, Ray! Please!
You aren't going to survive!
Stop it! Stop it now!
Or you will suffer
the consequences!
When I came to,
I could not believe my eyes.
It was like the battle
never happened.
Everyone was
having fun dueling,
except for one
major difference.
No one had any Xyz, Synchro
or Fusion monsters
because I was in
what you now know
as the Standard Dimension.
(child)
Uh, hey, pops.
You might want to
think twice about that?
It doesn't take too kindly
to strangers.
(Leo)
Uh, sorry.
Ha, it's cool.
It's just a hologram,
so your hand's safe and sound.
(Leo)
It was almost like I went
technologically back in time,
to the earlier days
of dueling.
But with what I instinctively
remembered of my life before,
I was able to improve
the holographic technology
so that you could once again
touch and feel your monsters...
As you very well know, Yusho,
because that was
when we first met.
I remember...
because that day kickstarted
my dueltaining career.
But to think that technology
was from another life.
Yes, another life,
another era,
another time and place.
It was a life where
the dimensions were
united as one.
But when Ray unleashed the power
of the four nature cards,
she split my one dimension into
four new separate dimensions.
What do you mean?
How do you remember
all this when no one else did?
(Leo)
I didn't, at first.
But I analyzed my memories
to find the truth
buried deep
within my consciousness.
As I watched the past
come to life again,
I realized something...
something shocking
and amazing.
If I was still alive,
then my daughter
must be alive as well.
Even if she's been split
into the four girls
standing behind me.
Yes, you four
are my daughter Ray!
(Yusho)
Those four girls
used to be Ray?
Inconceivable!
It may sound
like science‐fiction,
but my father was always one to
turn science‐fiction into fact.
Spending all day in your lab,
you even forgot
to run your own company.
I can tell you mother
was none too happy about that.
I had to learn
what you were working on,
what drove your obsession.
And that's how I found
your teleporter.
So I decided
to pay you a visit.
And that's how you found
your way here to Duel Academy.
That's right.
But that's not all I found.
I found out that my own father
had no intention of coming home,
back to his own family.
It's true that I would be
staying in the Fusion Dimension.
But for good reason, Declan.
What better reason
is there than family?
There isn't one.
I stayed there
to save my family.
As I told you,
I knew that Ray
was still alive somewhere
in one of these dimensions.
I searched everywhere until...
I finally found her here
in the Fusion Dimension.
You mean... Celina?
Yes. That is correct.
Who, me?
So Celina is Ray?
That's right.
Celina is the spitting image
of my daughter Ray
when she was younger.
And when I saw her bracelet,
that sealed the deal.
I was convinced I finally
found my daughter,
for I saw this bracelet
appear on Ray's wrist
before she split the dimensions
in her battle against Z‐ARC.
But when I analyzed
Celina's mind,
I found no traces
of Ray's memories.
That's when I realized
that I didn't find Ray,
I had only found
a piece of Ray.
When Ray fought against Z‐ARC
and split the dimensions
into four,
she also split
herself into four.
That's why Celina didn't
have Ray's memories.
Because she was only
one piece of the whole.
Finding Celina in
the Fusion Dimension meant
the other pieces
of Ray existed
in each of the other
three dimensions.
So then we're all
a piece of Ray?
That means Zuzu
is also Ray!
(Leo)
Exactly.
Zuzu is the piece of Ray
that exists
in the Standard Dimension.
Celina, the Fusion Dimension.
Lulu, Xyz.
And Rin from
the Synchro Dimension.
My daughter Ray was reborn
as these four girls,
one existing in each dimension.
So if I'm to bring
my Ray back,
then I must reunite
the dimensions
and these girls back into one!
Bring her back?
That is why I launched
my ARC Area Project.
I dispatched my students to
the other dimensions
with a single mission:
turn people into cards
so that I could use them
to reunite the dimensions
back into one.
And by doing so,
reunite my Ray
back into one as well.
Nonsense.
How can you possibly
reunite the dimensions
by capturing people in cards?
That won't make the world
or Ray one again!
Yes, it will!
And this is how!
What's that?
(Leo)
This is my newest invention to
reunite the dimensions!
The Arc Five Reactor!
(all)
Arc Five Reactor?
(Leo)
This is my newest invention to
reunite the dimensions!
The Arc Five Reactor!
(all)
Arc Five Reactor?
Reuniting all four dimensions
requires an immeasurable
amount of energy,
energy that this reactor can
extract from the life energies
of the people I've sealed
inside those cards!
And with the great convergence,
the Standard, Synchro,
Fusion and Xyz Dimensions
will cease to exist
as they form
back into their original
dimension!
But that's not all!
When I send the four girls
into the reactor,
their existence will be erased
as they reunite into Ray!
We shall return
to the beginning!
Back to the origin!
This is...
Revival Zero!
I'm going to be erased?
He's out of his
pencilgeek mind!
Every one of those cards
he's sending into that thing
is someone from my home.
You can't do this!
We're not gonna let you do it!
(whimpering)
So then this is
what Revival Zero was.
But in my father's file,
Celina wasn't
the only image pictured.
So was Yuri.
So if Celina is Ray
of the Fusion Dimension,
then who's Yuri?
And Yuya?
I don't believe it.
Declan, you must join my side.
And together,
we must defeat Yuya!
Defeat Yuya?
Yes, my son.
I know you've put
the pieces together.
Similar to how Ray was split
into four individuals,
so was Z‐ARC!
And the piece of Z‐ARC from
the Standard Dimension is Yuya!
To make certain that
Z‐ARC can never resurrect again,
we must eliminate him!
This is the only
logical solution
to ensure
the safety of our universe!
Are we really
pieces of Z‐ARC?
No way,
Yuya's anything but evil.
This is nothing
but a bunch of lies!
Is it?
Then how do you explain
how Yuya was able
to combine with Yuto,
Z‐ARC's piece from
the Xyz Dimension?
I'm resurrecting now!
(Leo)
And how Z‐ARC's evil influence
made him rage?
Ah, it seems this truth
has you tongue‐tied.
Hey! You're wrong!
I'm not evil!
Because I duel to bring
joy to the world,
at least that's what I hope.
You do, Yuya.
Because I was there,
and I've seen it
with my own eyes.
(gasps)
Yeah?
The smiles you bring
to the crowd's faces,
the sound of joy
in their voices.
They don't lie.
(cheering)
Unlike you, Father!
Your approach to dueling
hurts people.
You wanted to turn
everyone into cards.
That, Father,
is fear, not joy!
You talk about uniting
the dimensions?
How can you unite people
when you break family
and friends apart?
So no, I'm not
joining you, Father!
I'm going to stop you!
And I'm not going to
do it all by myself.
Yuya and I will
stop you together!
So you've made
your choice, Declan.
Unfortunately,
the decision you have made
is the wrong one, my boy.
But you always were
the stubborn one.
Very well, then.
You have given me
no other choice.
I will put an end to Yuya,
with or without your help!
Generating
Action Field Crossover.
(all)
Let's duel!